[glass shatters][gasps]
[clattering]
[door closes]
[exhales]
[Pretzel whines]
[clattering]
Pretzel, come.
[door opens]
[clattering in distance]
[clattering]
[gunshots against metal]
♪
[door closes]
[panting]
[clattering]
[quietly]:
Oh, no.
[grunts]
No, no, no.
[sighs]
♪
Yes.
[sighs]
Felix Bell.
Yes?
You're under arrestfor the murder of Jeremy Davis.
What? Whoa.You have the rightto remain silent.
I'm sorry, did you say "murder"?Anything you say canand will be used against you
in a court of law.I didn't kill anyone.
You have the rightto an attorney...
Who's Jeremy Davis?
He took everything.
MURPHY:
Who?
Trey.
He must have followed me here
last night.
He was running out
of time with Josiah.
I got to go.
If Nia finds out about this,
you guys are done.
What are we gonna do?
I-I'm supposed to drop off
at the women's prison today.
Yeah, well, you haveto get enough to cover yourself.
What?
Like...
like, buy heroin?Yeah.
Just don't get it in Chicago.
It could get back to Nia.
No, I don't know
how to do this.
Yeah, well, you seem to becatching on pretty quickly.
Darnell...
Look, Trey was just here.
I may have time to stop him
before he turnseverything over to Josiah.
Cool.
Cool, yeah.
I'll just score some drugs.
Thanks!
♪
[knocking]
Okay, I-I know you'reprobably super pissed at me,
and that's valid, but, uh,
just hear me out, okay?
[sighs deeply]
Um...
Look,
I wasn't... supposed
to have feelings for you.
I mean, I wasn't...I wasn't looking
for a relationship, but...
you're just...
[sighs]I'm sorry.
Breaking up with youwas a mistake.
I do not want us to end.
I honest... I can't be with...
anybody
right now.
I'm so sorry.
I'll see youat work, okay?
And where did you say you werethe night of the 16th?
I was still at work.
At 10:00 p.m.?
Yes. I'm a
workaholic, okay?
Look, I don't know
who this Jeremy Davis guy is.
I've never seen him before
in my life.
Yeah? Then why did we
find your fingerprints
all over the
crime scene?
What?
Where is this from?
The van where
you killed him.
Oh...
Can I get a phone call?
You get five minutes.
[phone buzzing]
[line ringing][groans]
[sighs]
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
Jess.
It's me. Is Murphy there?
Call her phone.
No, no, no. It's an emergency.
Jess?
Murphy!
Get in here.It's-it's Felix.
He's on the phone.
Oh.
[exhales]
MURPHY:
Hello?
Hey. It's me.
Put me on speaker?
He wants to be on speaker.
Okay.
Here, get in here.
Okay, you're on speaker.
Okay, um...
I've been arrested,
but it's fine.
Are you serious?For what?
What?It has nothing to do
with... anything.
It's because of that van we
snuck into in the impound lot.
They think I'm the guy who
murdered the guy in it. So...
Oh, my God. Uh...Uh...
By any chance,
do you guys have any proof
that I was at Guiding Hope
last Tuesday night?
Like, 10:00 p.m.?
JESS: What?MURPHY: How-how could
we ever prove that?
I don't know, Murphy.
Um...
I could lie for you, I guess.
No, no, no, no.
Don't do anything.
It's fine.
They got nothing on me.
They're gonna find that out
soon enough.
[speaking indistinctly]
[loudly]:
Yeah, actually, I think...
taking this to the Supreme Court
would be
a very fascinating idea.
Civil, at the very least.
Oh, my God.
I mean, you heard...
you heard him. He's...
he's gonna be fine.
He didn't kill anyone.
Oh, great. Yeah, oh, great.
"He didn't kill any..."
Great. Awesome.
I know. I...
I do really want to talk to you.
No, Murphy, no. I...
[sighs]
No, I need a minute, okay?
[door opens]
Oh, my God.
Can you leave me alone
for one minute?
I don't want to be around you!
I know that you hate meright now,
but I really need your helpwith something else.
Everything was stolen.
Like, everythingin here is gone.
What?
Darnell and Iare handling it,
but we have to go and buy more
to cover us for the week.
And Darnell saidto buy out of town.
And I obviously cannot do that
on my own.
So I need you to tolerate me
for, like, two hours.
[scoffs]
Will you help me or not?
Please.
Whatever. O...
I don't really have a choice,
so sure.
Let's go buy some heroin.
So we just need to figure outwhere to do that.
[scoffs]
Okay.
[door opens]
It's okay, it's okay.
I know about the drugs in here.
Where's Felix?I tried calling
the dude, like,
six times.
He's not answering.
And he owes me money
to keep my mouth shut.
What are you talk... What?
Like, 500 bucks. So...
I mean, if he's
not coming in,
you know, one of you guys
could give it to me.
I'll, uh...
I'll just be at my desk.
[opens door]I'll up it to $1,000
if you can tell us whereto buy outside of Chicago.
Done.
Meet me up front.
[door closes]
♪
This guy Felix Bellwas arrested.
Get this to whoever'sin charge of his case.
Sure thing.
Thanks.
♪
There you go.
I used to live
in Grand Rapids.
This guy Jay
will, uh...
hook you up.
Thanks.
Thank you.
What happened?
You guys get robbed
or something?
Just take your stupid money.
Oh, I will.
Thanks.
Let's go, Jess.
[quietly mimics whip cracking]
[door opens]
Some girl just dropped it off?
JONES:Yeah.
It's from the night
of the murder.
Security footage.
The murdertook place at 10:05.
Scroll to 9:30.
There he is.
Hmm. Fast-forward.
9:45.
He still could've made it
to Wrigleyville by 10:05.
God. Fast-forward.
Oh.[scoffs]
The kid was taking a dump
for the entire duration
of the murder.
We sure the tape
wasn't doctored?
I'll have forensics
take a look
and confirm.
[laughs]
[laughing]: I could
watch this all day.[laughing]
Yeah. Come on, let's go
have some fun with him.
[laughing]
Hey, man.
Hey.
You took everything?
Yeah.
Got to say, smarter than
shooting Nia in the chest.
I know, right?
Hey, but listen, man.
Nia's about to get a huge
shipment from Mateo soon.
If we just wait a little bit
longer, we can get Josiah
so much more...I already gave him the stash, D.
I'm done.
What? Why you worriedabout them? What about me?
You've known mesince I was ten years old.
I know. Look, you don't get it.
That girl, the one
you robbed-- Murphy?
Mm-hmm.
Was Ty's best friend.
Man, I didn't know.
I didn't tell Josiahwhere it was,
so he won't begoing after 'em.
Yeah, he won't,
but Nia will.
I'm sorry, man.
You did what you had to do.
I'll see you around.
All right, bet.
JONES:Mr. Bell, the nightof the murder,
you claim you wereworking late.
Can you tell us exactly
what you were doing?
Oh, God.
[scoffs]
Is this relevant?
Well, you claim it's your alibi,so, yeah.
[sighs]
Okay.
Fine.
Basically, I was
working late, and...
I went across the street
to a Peruvian buffet.
There was a questionable-lookinglomo saltado,
but I got it anyway.
And it did not...
...sit well will with me.
Do I have to go on?Yeah.
I was on the toilet
for two hours, okay?
I can't even describe to you
what came out of me,
but it was... otherworldly.
So, yeah,
that's what I was doing.
[taps table]Diarrhea.
Okay. Well,that explains that, then.
Wait. Really?Yeah.
It's a solid alibi.
Well... [chuckles]
Thank you both for your time.
MILLER:Whoa-whoa-whoa. Excuse me.
Where do you thinkyou're going?
You may have an alibi
for the murder, but...
you obviously trespassedinto the van.
That's true. I did.
I snuck into an
evidentiary vehicle
that you guys failed
to properly secure.
So, if you charge me, your
one piece of evidence--
the van in question--
gets thrown out in court
due to the fact that
I tampered with it.
And your whole case
would be null and void.
But by all means,
if you want to keep me here
for merely trespassing,
be my guest.
[laughter]What's going on?
Oh, you didn't hear?
Jones and Miller lost
their prime suspect
because he was pooping.
Great.
Oh, my God!
It's the video!
No. We have actual...
Look at that.Perfect.
[quiet laughter]
[sighs]
Whose case is this?
Mine.
Is that Felix Bell?
Yeah. You know him?
You release him yet?
Not yet. Still got six hours
before I got to let him go.
Just let him sit there,
the little dweeb.
Mind if I take a crack at him?
Please.Be my guest.
[chuckles] Okay.
[door opens]
DEAN:Felix.
Uh...
Hi.
So...
want to tell me
what you were really doing
in the grooming truck that day?
Uh...
[dog barking in distance]
[indistinct chatter]
[distant horn blaring]
Okay, I see it.
Hi. We're, um...
we're Ben's friends.
Get in.
How much do you need?
Um, six... [clears throat]
Six bundles.
Six? I got
four on me.
I'll give you everything
for a grand.
Okay. Um... that's fine.
When will youhave more?
Next week. I'll text you.
Um... okay.
Yeah, here's a grand,thank you.
DEAN:Felix, for the last time,why were you in the van?
I had to get something
off the truck.
That's why I snuck on.
Getting something
for Max?
No.
It was mushrooms.
Mushrooms?Yes.
I was going through
a hard time,
and I just wanted
to clear my head,
so I bought
some shrooms.
And I hid them on the truck,
then you guys took the truck,
and I freaked out.
Then Murphy convinced
me to sneak in,
and I just thought,
okay, well, you know,
trespassing is a
class B misdemeanor,
but possession of a
controlled substance
is a class one felony, so...
I thought I'd just
play my odds.
But we frisked you.
We checked your bags.
We didn't see any mushrooms.
We ate them.
Murphy and I.GENE:You do realize
we could just arrest youfor trespassing, though, right?
Yeah.
Didn't your colleagues
tell you about that?
If you arrest me, then you get
two cases thrown out--
the Jeremy Davis murderand the Max Parish case-- so...
Gene, go get his stuff.
[sighs]
[engine rattling]
[alert beeping]
Why are we stopping?Hold on.
I... I think I ran out of gas.
You ran out of gas?Yes.
I have to be at the women's
prison in, like, an hour.
[sighs]
How could you let this happen?
How could I
let this happen?
Well, I would...Oh, my God!
Where are you going?
There was a gas station,like, a mile ago.
Jess, you can't also
blame this on me.
You're the onewho can see the gas gauge.
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry I didn't tell youabout the drugs!
I was tryingto be a good friend!
No, you were not!
Do you not get it, Murph?!
We're not good friends
to each other!
We don't know how to be!
What is thatsupposed to mean?
It means that this...
this is not a friendship.
This is...
one giant, codependent mess.
So you and I are a mess now?
Yeah.
Do you not understand the
loop that we're in, Murphy?
If you don't, let me
explain it to you.
You screw up, and then I dosomething even dumber to fix it,
and then I blame you,
and then you apologize.
That's what we've been
doing since we were 14.
I mean, where are we?
We're drug dealers, Murphy.
Drug... dealers.
'Cause, obviously,
that was the natural conclusionof all of this.
We're literally trapped.
I'm really sorry you're trappedin a friendship with me.
You're trapped
with me, too.
I'm a bad friend.
Yeah, I am.
I got off on the fact
that I was the only person
that you would let help you.
It gave me this disgusting
sense of purpose.
[sighs heavily]
Murphy, you do
not need saving.
And you most certainly do not
need me taking care of you.
But the scary thing is,
is I don't...
I don't really underst...
I don't understand who we are
with... without that, so...
So?
I'm gonna go get the gas.
Jess.
[laughter
and indistinct chatter]
What's a hypotenuse?
Why do I have to knowwhat a hypotenuse is?
Like, when in my lifewill anyone be like,
"Hey, what's a hypotenuse?"
Hello? Chloe?
What's up?
You're acting so weird today.
Sorry. It's my dad.
Well, not my dad.
This girl he dated.
The blind one?
Yeah. She said all this stuff
about him that just...
[sighs]
It was bad.
Well, she sucks, then.
'Kay, like, I know your dad
is strict or whatever.
I mean, he still hasn'tgiven you back your phone.
But, like...
he's sort of a catch.
Shut up.[chuckles]
I'm serious.
He's a cop.
He's pretty cute.
Gross, Amber![laughs]
[exhales]
What is taking him so long?
I don't know.
Dean, talk to you real quick?
So, I went back
for Felix's stuff.
Look what I found.
What am I looking at?
It's the Heart of Virtue, man.
Adult words, please.
It's the symbolfor the Klingon Empire.
Remember that note that had thedrop point for Nia's connect?
It was written in Klingon.
Look at the Esin Felix's statement.
It's the exact samehandwriting.
You think Felix did the drop?
That's what I think, man.
Madge delivers to prisonsevery Thursday.
The truck was impoundedon a Thursday.
They were on their way to do a
drop when the truck was taken.
He had drugson that truck,
but it wasn't shrooms.
It was Nia's heroin.
Yep.
Murphy is in on this.
She's in on all of it.
She's been visiting Max
in prison.
She is the new way in.
Let's get the security footage
of her visits to Max.
We are gonna get her.
Let's get it.
Ah, looks like
they're just talking.
Shut up for a second.
Look.
Right there. She's giving him
something under the table.
♪
It's in the cane.
It's in the damn cane.
Murphy Mason is done.
Now, we can't prove
from this tape
that what she's
slipping him is heroin.
DEAN:
No, we can't.
That's why I'm gonna
catch her doing it.
When does Parish
have visitation next?
Uh...
Today.
Well, tonight.
But she just saw him yesterday,so...
it'll probably be a few days
before she comes again.
No, it won't.
She can't stay away from him.
Meantime, keep Felix Bell here.
Can't risk him warning her.
[sighs]
We can't, man.
He's been held for 24 hours.
We're not even charging him
with anything.
I'm your superior.
I'm telling you that we can.
Okay?
I'm really sorry.
I tried to fix this,but I just...
can't.
It's okay.
We got enough to last
us through the week.
It doesn't matter.You don't have enough cash
to replace everythingthat was stolen.
Nia's gonna find out.
And she's gonnafind out soon.
Look, this was my stupid idea.
So...
[exhales]
here's what I need you to do.
Tell Nia I stole the drugs.
I acted alone.It was me.
No.
She'll kill you.
She won't.
She will kill you.Trust me,
she won't.
Nia's my, uh...
She's my sister.
What?
Yeah.
Our mom died when I was little,
so she sort of raised me.
And she doesn't want anyone
to know,
'cause she doesn't want 'em
thinking
that she'd treat me
any different.
Even though she does.
JESS:But what is she
gonna do to you?
She'll never speak to me again.
Something like that.
And you're okay with that?
Why not, Murphy?
[chuckles]:
Honestly,
it's kind of a relief.
I've been trapped in this worldsince I was a kid.
I wanted some payback,
but obviously
I'm not gonna get it.
So maybe it's time I just...
start over.
Tell her.
Trust me.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Well, that's good.
Yeah. Good.
It's great.
[scoffs]
I'm going home.
Well, we have to go talk to Nia.
Murphy,I'm not doing this anymore.
I'm so done.
I'm gonna go.
You know how to getto her on your own.
[door opens]
[door closes]
NIA:
Are you sure it was Darnell?
Yes.
[quietly]:Idiot.
He never couldget over that girl.
Go get him.
I want to thank youfor coming to me.
[grunts]
I know youand Darnell are friends.
Relationships are the
death of this business.
Right?
Eh.
You want some brownie?
Here.
Room serviceis pretty good here.
Thanks.
Where are you from?
What?
You grow upin Chicago?
Uh, Wheeling, actually.
Oh, it's nice there.
Oh, andI'm-a replenish
what was stolenwhen my next shipment comes in.
Tea?
Sure.
♪
[sighs]
Here he is.
Murphy, I think it's timefor you to head on home.
[inhales]
Yeah. Let me just grab my stuff.
[exhales]
Here, let me, uh...
[clears throat]
Need to talk to him alonefor a minute.
[doors close]
[muffled arguing]
NIA:I don't want to see youup in this city again.
[door opens]
[door closes]Sam.
Bring me the security footagethat your little girlfriend got
at Guiding Hope.
I want to make sureDarnell acted alone.
And if he did?
You're really just gonna let himget away with...
I'm sorry, you think
you can question me now?
Go get methe tapes.
[door opens, closes]
Call Max.
[sniffles]
[line ringing]
Hey.
It's me.
What's going on?
I just need to see you.
Why? Is there another drop
already?
Uh, yeah.
[sighs]
I don't know why, but...
I can't believe
you still have to do this.
I know.
Visitation closes at 8:00.
Okay.
Uh, I'll be there
as soon as I can.
Bye.
[clinking]No.
[sighs]
CHLOE:
Murphy.
Chloe?
What are you doing here?
What you saidto my dad...
[takes deep breath]
...it wasn't cool.
I don't what you... I don't
know what you're referring to.
Jules killed herself,
and for youto call him a murderer
because he wasn't thereto stop her...I love you,
um, Chloe, but we're
not having this conversation.
You owe him an apology.
I don't owe him anything.
I am so sick
of your dad's lies.
[scoffs]
What did he lie about?
Nothing. It doesn't matter.
Cool. Treat me like a baby.
Everyone else does.
I'm not trying to treat
you any different...
Whatever!
I'm gonna go.Coming here was stupid.
I'm gonna leave.
I can have my driver
drop you off.
I'm fine.
Chloe...
I said I'm fine.
♪
[knocking]
Get your stuff.
We got to go
to Guiding Hope right now.
Uh, you know, you can just, uh,text me instead of showing up...
I don't have time for this.
Nia needs me
to confirm something
on the security footage.
Um...
I, uh, I don't...
I don't have it.
What?
Felix was arrested
on some bogus murder charge,
and there was footage
that proved he was at work,
so I... I gave it to the cops.
And I deletedeverything else to protect us,
in case they subpoenaed
the rest.
Are you out of your mind?
One of Nia's guys was arrested.
I was doing what I thought...
Would make Jess happy.
I really thought I was doing
the right thing.
No, you didn't.
And have fun
explaining that to Nia.
[door opens, closes]
ANNOUNCER [muffled]:
This is Monroe.
Next stop Jackson.
What stop did he say this was?
Um...
Hello?
Hi.
Um, do you know how many
more stops to Monroe?
Uh, that was Monroe back there.
Wh-What?
No! I have to get off.
Wait, this train needs to stop!
It's okay.No, no, no.
I just-- I know-- I just--
I know my steps from there.
It's okay. It's okay, honey.Just breathe. Just breathe.
[hyperventilating]
[speaking indistinctly]
Right this way.
[knocking on door]
Hi.
I'm leaving.
Leaving...Chicago. Like,
for good.
I need to start over.
Um...I was packing,and I-I...
found this, your jacket, and I-Icame to bring it back to you.
Then I realized...
[whispers]:
Do you want to come with me?
[whispering]:
Yeah.
Really?
[laughs softly]
Yeah.
Give me five minutes, okay?
[laughs softly]
Hey.
Hi.
You okay?
I don't know.
[chuckles]
I, uh...
[sniffles]
I don't know. Am I ever okay?
What's going on?
Jess and I, um, I guess...
It's just really bad.
And I keep
pretending that Felix
is okay, but...
I don't even know.
Look, you know you can just
visit me if you want to talk.
Right? I mean, come on.
Did they really send you heretwo days in a row?
No.
[sniffles]
Well, I'm actually out, so...
Glad you missed me so much.
So, is that the only reason
you want to see me, too?
No.
[both chuckle]
Uh...
[door opens]
Stand up.
All right, whoa, whoa,Dean, this isn't her. This...Shut up.
Where is it?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
The drugs. Where are they?
They both need
to be searched now.
GUARD:Come on.
[door opens]
She's clean.
So is he.
What? Are you sure?
Positive. I gotto take him back.
[sighs, stammers]
Just take him
to solitary confinement,
we're gonna combhis cell.
You're free to go.
[door closes]
MURPHY:
Chloe, it's Murphy. I think we
accidentally switched canes.
Call me as soon as you get this.
FELIX:
What's happening here
is 100% illegal,
and I think the newspapers
and the press
are gonna be pretty
interested in it, okay?
And furthermore,
I will be
pursuing action
in criminal court
as well as pressing charges
in civil court
for how your libelous actionsmay have impugned my reputation
as an upstanding member of mycommunity, and may I also say...[phone buzzes]
You can go!
You're done. You're good.
You're r...
What?
You are released.
Fly, little bird.
That's what I thought.
♪
I can't believewe're doing this.I'm nervous.
Okay, well...
[clears throat]
I think we should,I think we should just do it.
Yeah?You ready?
♪ I just thought
I'd tell you... ♪
Hell yeah.
I'm ready.
Three, two...No! Wait!
I don't have my
phone yet! Hold on.
[laughs]Okay, wait.
Three, two, one. Go.[shouts]
[screams]
[laughs]:
Oh, my God.[car horn honks]
Did I hit somebody?No, you're good.
Just keep driv-- Just keep...Okay. Sorry!
[both laugh]
♪ There's no need...
So you found nothing?
I thought Murphywas the supplier.
She is. I know she is.
Maybe it was justa visit this time.
No, I saw their faces.
They knew they were busted.
I don't understand
what happened.
Chloe!
Chloe, you here?
Chl-Chloe!
♪ Oh, the blood red
♪ Sentimental blues...
[phone buzzing]
Hello.
Wait, what?
DEAN:She hada panic attack?
GRACE:
I'm not a doctor,but that's what it seemed like.
Poor thing.
Thank you again.Yeah.
Hey, sweetie.
Hi.
Chloe, you can't take the train.
I'm sorry.
Where-where were you going?
I don't know.
What happened to your cane?I just got you a new one.
Honey, where were you?
Don't get mad,
but I went to see Murphy.
And I think we must've
switched canes.
I-I know I should have gone
back once I realized it,
but I wanted to
get away from her.
[fading]:
I wanted to get away
from everything.
♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org